Re:Pink
This is a user guide for the game Re:Pink which includes the controls (and objective) of the game(s)

------Motorshow------
o WASD keys are used to control the player movement
o Spacebar makes the player jump
o Minigames can be accessed by pressing Z while near the respective minigame booth (See Minigames for more details)
o Each car has its own stats seen by the UI in front of them when close to it
o Players can access the test drive with their selected car by pressing Z near a car
o Esc key is to bring up the pause screen (see Pause screen for more details)


------Test Drive------
o The W key is used to make the car acclerate foward
o The S key is to reverse
o The A and D keys are to turn left and right respectively
o Esc key is to bring up the pause screen (see Pause screen for more details)


------Pause Screen------
o The pause screen cursor can be controled by the Mouse and click the Left Mouse Button
o Clicking on resume will resume the game
o Clicking on Highscores will bring up the highscore menu 
o Clicking on exit will close the game


------Minigames------
o Minigames can be accessed by pressing Z while near the respective minigame booth in the motorshow area
o The booth with a car jumping through a wall is Flappy Car
o The booth with a car driving on a road is Car Surfers


------Flappy Car------
~Main Menu
o Flappy car's main menu can be navigated by using the Up and Down arrow keys and Enter.
o The selected car and its stats can also be seen in the Car Selection Menu where you can press 1 to 4 to select a car,
each car has its own stats, 
Weight (how fast it falls), 
Floatiness (how fast it rises),
and Speed (maxmium speed it can move horizontally).
o The top 5 highest socres can be seen in the Highscore menu.
o Controls can also be seen in the controls menu.

~Playing
o The objective is to get as many points as possible by flying through walls
o Spacebar makes the car rise.
   - Powerups
   o Powerups will spawn randomly when playing, collect them to gain a special effect!
   o The powerup crate with a broken wall will allow you to break 1 wall by pressing Enter.
   o The powerup crate with a stopwatch will slow down the game for awhile.
   o The powerup crate with +100 on it will give you an additonal 100 points
   O The powerup crate with a ? on it will a random powerup chosen from above
o After hitting a wall the car will crash and a game over screen will appear, press Enter to return to the main menu


------Car Surfers------
~Playing
o The objective is obtain as many points as possible, the futher the player drives the more points are gained!
o The player loses when they crash into a boulder.
o Player can control their car by pressing the A and D keys to move left and right respestivly.
o Player can active their nitro boost by pressing Spacebar to go faster and deflect boulders for awhile when you have 100 nitro.

~Death Menu
o After losing a menu will appear, the cursor can be controled by the Mouse and click the Left Mouse Button
o The top 5 highest scores will be displayed on the death menu


